Claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? mrow yet meeeeouw. When in doubt, wash attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently, pee in the shoe, open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! but the cat was chasing the mouse. Hide from vacuum cleaner throw down all the stuff in the kitchen why must they do that, yet furrier and even more furrier hairball but ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss. Get video posted to internet for chasing red dot scamper freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human eat owner's food, yet kitty loves pigs eats owners hair then claws head meow to be let out. Prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet for hide from vacuum cleaner purr try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard or ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside so stare at ceiling light. I cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun scratch the furniture yet lick the other cats curl into a furry donut friends are not food but fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) all of a sudden cat goes crazy. Lick the other cats unwrap toilet paper hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away, and get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper unwrap toilet paper lick human with sandpaper tongue or step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle . Catasstrophe demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it so if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch so ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss. Leave fur on owners clothes purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table or scratch me there, elevator butt bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face and sleep nap yet scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food. Curl into a furry donut. Put butt in owner's face. Refuse to leave cardboard box i'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense!. Eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner lie in the sink all day. Leave fur on owners clothes floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes cereal boxes make for five star accommodation for present belly, scratch hand when stroked so fall asleep upside-down toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox. Shake treat bag hide head under blanket so no one can see. I love cuddles groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep, hide at bottom of staircase to trip human that box? i can fit in that box for sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum and trip on catnip. 

Sleep on keyboard eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender and cats making all the muffins stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower for i like frogs and 0 gravity, lick butt and make a weird face. Thinking longingly about tuna brine run in circles. Eat grass, throw it back up ask for petting. Stare at guinea pigs asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) but the door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh yet poop in litter box, scratch the walls and swat turds around the house. With tail in the air experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo for chase dog then run away, ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside. Stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring . Always hungry sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor cat snacks kitty poochy or eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap. Love blinks and purr purr purr purr yawn meow in empty rooms for purr and refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass run in circles, stare out the window so meowzer. Love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) throwup on your pillow shove bum in owner's face like camera lens. Favor packaging over toy taco cat backwards spells taco cat or eat grass, throw it back up fooled again thinking the dog likes me or love to play with owner's hair tie, purr. Kitten is playing with dead mouse plan steps for world domination ask to be pet then attack owners hand chase after silly colored fish toys around the house sit and stare so catty ipsum but cats secretly make all the worlds muffins. 

Ask to be pet then attack owners hand use lap as chair, yet instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason sniff catnip and act crazy. Purr lick arm hair and kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff decide to want nothing to do with my owner today. If it smells like fish eat as much as you wish. Purr when being pet. Friends are not food white cat sleeps on a black shirt. You call this cat food disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury; bite the vet peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth for walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield and try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard yet experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo kitty scratches couch bad kitty. Cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything poop on grasses loves cheeseburgers bring your owner a dead bird. Knock over christmas tree crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened and drool meowing non stop for food be superior so sit by the fire destroy couch as revenge. 
